File: M24.GRP

Messages: 21

=== 0 | 164fe | df ===
[POR08]
This is the fifth tower
of pentagulia.[BRK]

[POR02]
But...where's the lake?
It was...???[BRK]

[POR08]
The lake was simply the
transport fountain...a
doorway to this place...[BRK]

We must hurry. The real
althena must be locked
inside this tower.
[END]

=== 1 | 165fe | c6 ===
[POR18]
Oh, pentagulia...what has
become of you?[BRK]

How in the name of zophar
have althena's dragons
found release?[BRK]

Zophar...i must make master
zophar hear my plea![BRK]

Master zophar...master
zophar.........!!![END]

=== 2 | 166dc | 233 ===
[POR10]
Is everybody all right?[BRK]

[POR05]
Dang!...why did lucia
take our magic?[BRK]

[POR07]
Pooh! This is a fine fix![BRK]

Now the junior premier of
the vane magic guild doesn't
even have any magic![BRK]

Thanks a lot, lucia![BRK]

[POR01]
....
.....[BRK]

[POR02]
Why did lucia do this?[BRK]

Althena herself said that
humanity's power is the
key...[BRK]

[POR05]
...and we've got that in
spades![BRK]

[POR02]
But she's going to try to
face down zophar on her
own...[BRK]

But what will happen when
she tries to use the power
of althena herself??[BRK]

....
.....[BRK]

Oh man! This is just
getting too confusing![BRK]

Lucia! What are you doing?
What's your plan?!

[END]

=== 3 | 16958 | 13e ===
[POR08]
The tower is sealed with
some sort of magic.[BRK]

I've never felt magic this
powerful before.[BRK]

I'm certain it is not of
human origin.[BRK]

In fact, i'm fairly certain
it is the work of zophar...[BRK]

[POR18]
My, lucia! You do have a
keen sense of the obvious![BRK]

Of course this is zophar's
seal![BRK]

It was created to keep tripe
like you out!
[END]

=== 4 | 16a9a | 249 ===
[POR18]
Ahh, the goddess tower! It
seems to be such a pure,
tranquil place...[BRK]

And that's why the city of
pentagulia was erected in
front of it.[BRK]

Its power and purity could
not be allowed to escape
into this world.[BRK]

Fortunately, the power of
the four dragons was easy to
mold to zophar's will.[BRK]

....
.....[BRK]

Funny, the one thing althena
depended on most for
protection...[BRK]

...was what helped create this
seal on the goddess tower.[BRK]

....
.....[BRK]

Oh, and one last confession
before you...um, go.[BRK]

I must admit that i did not
create this seal for zophar
alone.[BRK]

I had a little help from my
dear friends...[END]

=== 5 | 16ce6 | 143 ===
[POR18]
Your miserable souls will
enable us to finally revive
our great leader...zophar![BRK]

You know, you should look
upon it as a great hon...[BRK]

...what!? Ghaleon?[BRK]

What is wrong with you?[BRK]

I did not order you to
appear! Leave at once![BRK]

[POR02]
Oh, great...just...super![BRK]

Ghaleon![BRK]

Our chances for survival
just took a dive into the
crapper!
[END]

=== 6 | 16e2c | c1 ===
[POR08]
What...what's happening?!![BRK]

Althena...i-is...that you?[BRK]

I...i don't understand...[BRK]

[POR02]
Look, hiro! The dragon wings
are beginning to glow!![BRK]

But what's causing it???[BRK]

????
?????[BRK]

.............whoa![END]

=== 7 | 16ef0 | 86 ===
[POR18]
...what is the meaning
of this?!![BRK]

I demand to know what is
going on this minute![BRK]

[POR00]
You are pathetic...[BRK]

[POR18]
Ghaleon!? Show yourself![END]

=== 8 | 16f7a | 1db ===
[POR18]
Why did you allow lucia to
escape?[BRK]

I will hold you personally
accountable to zophar![BRK]

[POR14]
What a poor imitation of 
althena you are, goddess. [BRK]

You don't even have the 
power to capture a little 
girl without my power...[BRK]

But you let parlor tricks
and tired magic ease her
through your grasp.[BRK]

They escaped with help from
one of their friends.[BRK]

But don't worry your empty
little head about it.[BRK]

I will go and retrieve the
girl and her simple-minded
associates...[BRK]

Just wait he....[END]

=== 9 | 17166 | 12 ===
Goddess tower ent.[END]

=== a | 17f90 | c5 ===
[POR08]
She was a fool to believe
that zophar would honor any
promises he made.[BRK]

He will use anyone and any-
thing to gain what he
desires.[BRK]

We must hurry to althena's
chamber so she can help us
stop him![END]

=== b | 1805e | 10 ===
Goddess tower 1f[END]

=== c | 18b7e | 10 ===
Goddess tower 2f[END]

=== d | 19684 | 10 ===
Goddess tower 3f[END]

=== e | 1a18e | 10 ===
Goddess tower 4f[END]

=== f | 1ac98 | 10 ===
Goddess tower 5f[END]

=== 10 | 1b7d8 | 45 ===
[POR11]
Lucia, wait right here.[BRK]

Soon, all your questions
will be answered.[END]

=== 11 | 1b826 | 32b ===
[POR11]
Luna is...[BRK]

Please, listen carefully.[BRK]

You must never forget what
you are about to hear.[BRK]

Althena knows how to defeat
zophar, if you only heed her
words![BRK]

Just know that i'll always
believe in you.[BRK]

I've waited for this day for
so long![BRK]

...the day that my promise
to luna is finally
fulfilled.[BRK]

Seeing her brings back so
many memories...[BRK]

Memories of alex, nash, mia,
jessica, and...[BRK]

....
.....[BRK]

...look at me! I've turned
into a driveling idiot doing
the 'remember when?' Number![BRK]

All that matters now is that
you've got a job to do, and
althena can help you.[BRK]

I'm sorry, but i can't stay
any longer...[BRK]

I don't want ruby to see
me like this. She would
never let me live it down.[BRK]

...so long!![BRK]

......remember althena's
words! That's the key to
stopping zophar forever![BRK]

...i'm counting on you!!![BRK]

[POR08]
...wait!...nall!!!?

[END]

=== 12 | 1bb78 | bc ===
[POR08]
At last, the power of
althena lies in my hand.[BRK]

Zophar will not be able to
stand in the face of this
power![BRK]

....
.....[BRK]

But...neither will this
worl.....[BRK]

....
.....[BRK]

Oh, forgive me, hiro.
[END]

=== 13 | 1bc38 | 14a ===
[POR07]
...what!? What's happened?
I've lost all my magic
power!![BRK]

[POR05]
My magic has disappeared, 
too! Why would lucia do
this to us!?[BRK]

[POR10]
We'll figure that out later!
Right now, we'd better get
out of this tower![BRK]

[POR02]
Count me in on that plan!
Let's get outta this place,
hiro![BRK]

[POR01]
...oh, lucia...why?!![BRK]

Didn't you hear what althena
said???[END]

=== 14 | 1bd90 | 10 ===
Goddess tower 6f[END]

