File: M47.GRP

Messages: 10

=== 0 | c0de | df ===
[POR08]
This is the fifth tower
of pentagulia.[BRK]

[POR02]
But...where's the lake?
It was...???[BRK]

[POR08]
The lake was simply the
transport fountain...a
doorway to this place...[BRK]

We must hurry. The real
althena must be locked
inside this tower.
[END]

=== 1 | c1de | c6 ===
[POR18]
Oh, pentagulia...what has
become of you?[BRK]

How in the name of zophar
have althena's dragons
found release?[BRK]

Zophar...i must make master
zophar hear my plea![BRK]

Master zophar...master
zophar.........!!![END]

=== 2 | c2bc | 233 ===
[POR10]
Is everybody all right?[BRK]

[POR05]
Dang!...why did lucia
take our magic?[BRK]

[POR07]
Pooh! This is a fine fix![BRK]

Now the junior premier of
the vane magic guild doesn't
even have any magic![BRK]

Thanks a lot, lucia![BRK]

[POR01]
....
.....[BRK]

[POR02]
Why did lucia do this?[BRK]

Althena herself said that
humanity's power is the
key...[BRK]

[POR05]
...and we've got that in
spades![BRK]

[POR02]
But she's going to try to
face down zophar on her
own...[BRK]

But what will happen when
she tries to use the power
of althena herself???[BRK]

....
.....[BRK]

Oh man! This is just
getting too confusing![BRK]

Lucia! What are you doing?
What's your plan?!![END]

=== 3 | c538 | 13e ===
[POR08]
The tower is sealed with
some sort of magic.[BRK]

I've never felt magic this
powerful before.[BRK]

I'm certain it's not of
human origin...[BRK]

In fact, i'm fairly certain
it is the work of zophar...[BRK]

[POR18]
My, lucia! You do have a
keen sense of the obvious![BRK]

Of course this is zophar's
seal![BRK]

It was created to keep tripe
like you out![END]

=== 4 | c67a | 249 ===
[POR18]
Ahh, the goddess tower! It
seems to be such a pure,
tranquil place...[BRK]

And that's why the city of
pentagulia was erected in
front of it.[BRK]

Its power and purity could
not be allowed to escape
into this world.[BRK]

Fortunately, the power of
the four dragons was easy to
mold to zophar's will.[BRK]

....
.....[BRK]

Funny. The one thing althena
depended on most for
protection...[BRK]

Was what helped create this
seal on the goddess tower.[BRK]

....
.....[BRK]

Oh, and one last confession
before you...um...go.[BRK]

I must admit that i did not
create this seal for zophar
alone.[BRK]

I had a little help from my
dear friends...

[END]

=== 5 | c8c6 | 143 ===
[POR18]
Your miserable souls will
enable us to finally revive
our great leader...zophar![BRK]

You know, you should look
upon it as a great hon...[BRK]

...what!? Ghaleon?[BRK]

What is wrong with you?[BRK]

I did not order you to
appear! Leave at once![BRK]

[POR02]
Oh, great...just...super![BRK]

Ghaleon![BRK]

Our chances for survival
just took a dive into the
crapper!
[END]

=== 6 | ca0c | c1 ===
[POR08]
What...what's happening?!![BRK]

Althena...is, is...that you?[BRK]

I...i don't understand...[BRK]

[POR02]
Look, hiro! The dragon wings
are beginning to glow!![BRK]

But what's causing it???[BRK]

????
?????[BRK]

...........whoa![END]

=== 7 | cad0 | 86 ===
[POR18]
...what is the meaning
of this?!![BRK]

I demand to know what is
going on this minute![BRK]

[POR00]
You are pathetic...[BRK]

[POR18]
Ghaleon!? Show yourself![END]

=== 8 | cb5a | 1db ===
[POR18]
Why did you allow lucia to
escape?[BRK]

I will hold you personally
accountable to zophar![BRK]

[POR14]
What a poor imitation of 
althena you are, goddess. [BRK]

You don't even have the 
power to capture a little 
girl without my power...[BRK]

But you let parlor tricks
and tired magic ease her
through your grasp.[BRK]

They escaped with help from
one of their friends.[BRK]

But don't worry your empty
little head about it.[BRK]

I will go and retrieve the
girl and her simple-minded
associates...[BRK]

Just wait he...
[END]

=== 9 | cd46 | 12 ===
Goddess tower ent.[END]

