File: M4B.GRP

Messages: 3

=== 0 | f23e | 232 ===
You will regret coming here
for the rest of your lives.[BRK]

....
.....[BRK]

Which should be about three
minutes, by my count.[BRK]

Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha![BRK]

I see the foolish resolve in
your blank stares...[BRK]

You don't have any idea what
you're up against, do you?[BRK]

Let me lay it out for you
in the simplest possible
terms...[BRK]

Now that i control althena's
power, you are condemned to
death.[BRK]

But if you wish to amuse me
with an embarrassingly weak
assault,[BRK]

that is your choice. It will
not affect the outcome.[BRK]

If that is your wish, step
forth and taste the eternal
sting of my kiss...
[END]

=== 1 | f47a | 1df ===
[POR07]
Wa...wait a minute.[BRK]

I...i think we're still
alive![BRK]

D...did we defeat zophar?[BRK]

[POR05]
Yep! We laid the big kahuna
to waste![BRK]

I almost can't believe it
myself![BRK]

[POR02]
Ha! What were we afraid of?
He wasn't that hard![BRK]

I mean, borgan was way
tougher, don't you think?[BRK]

[POR01]
....
.....[BRK]

[POR10]
I've got a bad feeling about
this. It's almost as if he
let us win...[BRK]

We'd better keep on our
guard until we get out of
here...[BRK]

[POR09]
I agree. We mustn't let our
guard down for an instant![BRK]

[POR01]
Wait! Listen...

[END]

=== 2 | f666 | 11 ===
Zophar's coliseum[END]

