File: M4F.GRP

Messages: 81

=== 0 | dac2 | 12d ===
[POR07]
In order to beat borgan and
see my mother back safe, we
need the right tools.[BRK]

I'd better open the
treasures of vane so we
can use them.[BRK]

I think i can work out a
good deal on the rental
of them...[BRK]

...oh, what the heck! I'll
let you guys use them for
free...[BRK]

...after all, you are
rescuing my mother.[END]

=== 1 | dc06 | 7d ===
[POR22]
Ah, borgan, to what do we
owe the pleasure of this
visit?[BRK]

[POR17]
Miria, you are the picture
of mannerly perfection, as
always.[END]

=== 2 | dc8c | 1fa ===
[POR17]
Vane has fallen into decline
since the guild fell apart.
You know it's true.[BRK]

Now, simple people who know
nothing of the way of magic
roam its streets.[BRK]

Disgrace and despair are all
that are left for vane.[BRK]

[POR22]
Then why have you come to
this place you hold in such
low esteem?[BRK]

[POR17]
Ah, miria, you never were
one to skirt the issue.[BRK]

So then, i'll get to the
point. I have a selfish
reason for coming here.[BRK]

Now that this town no longer
suits a woman of your
stature,[BRK]

i have come to take you with
me to neo-vane.[END]

=== 3 | de90 | 62 ===
[POR07]
Oughh! That flying cesspool
has no right to come in here
like he owns the place![BRK]

I'll show him![END]

=== 4 | df06 | 11e ===
[POR22]
Lemina, my dear, you've
returned![BRK]

And you've brought some new
friends with you. Introduce
me, won't you?[BRK]

[POR07]
These are not just friends
of mine,[BRK]

they're candidates to become
members of the new magic
guild.[BRK]

I'm gathering new candidates
every day. I will revive the
guild some day soon![END]

=== 5 | e04e | 40 ===
[POR22]
That's nice, dear. By the
way, this is borgan, from
neo-vane.[END]

=== 6 | e092 | 166 ===
[POR22]
Borgan is one of the four
heroes of althena.[BRK]

He worked very hard and
became the leader of neo-
vane.[BRK]

[POR07]
So?[BRK]

Everyone knows that neo-
vane is a pale imitation of
the original.[BRK]

Why are you so nice to him,
mother? Before, you were...[BRK]

[POR22]
Lemina! Mind your manners!
Borgan is a very powerful
man.[BRK]

[POR07]
Pooh! I don't understand
you, mother. He's just
trying to...[END]

=== 7 | e218 | 10a ===
[POR22]
Lemina, you will treat
borgan with respect while
he is here.[BRK]

[POR07]
But mother! He's trying to
make sure vane's magic guild
never comes back![BRK]

Can't you see that?[BRK]

[POR22]
Lemina, as my daughter, you
must obey my wishes. [BRK]

Now, leave us. We have
important matters to
discuss.[END]

=== 8 | e342 | 98 ===
[POR22]
Lemina, watch your tongue!
Guests in our house are to
be treated with respect![BRK]

Please take your friends and
go. Borgan and i have
matters to discuss.[END]

=== 9 | e3fe | 219 ===
[POR22]
Hiro, come closer...i have
an urgent request to make
of you.[BRK]

[POR01]
.....
......[BRK]

[POR22]
Please, go find my daughter
lemina.[BRK]

She's such an impulsive
girl.[BRK]

I know that she'd like
borgan, if she'd just get
to know him.[BRK]

[POR02]
But that floating dump
is a loser! I know it![BRK]

Just say 'no.'[BRK]

[POR22]
You don't understand. Borgan
has a heart of gold.[BRK]

He's just not very good
at relating to others.[BRK]

Please, just find lemina and
let her know i'll be fine.[BRK]

Once you find her, please
come back and let me know
she understands...[BRK]

I don't want to worry
about her...
[END]

=== a | e63e | 95 ===
[POR22]
Hiro! What are you doing
back here? You didn't find
my daughter, did you?![BRK]

Please! You must find lemina
and explain that i'll be
fine with borgan.[END]

=== b | e6f2 | ac ===
[POR22]
Hiro, i thought you were a
bright boy!?! What are you
doing back here?[BRK]

I need you to get my message
to lemina.[BRK]

Please find her and explain
that i'll be okay with
borgan.[END]

=== c | e7be | 28e ===
[POR22]
Now that you've seen lemina
and the others, you know
they have the will to fight.[BRK]

They're never going to
surrender our world to
zophar.[BRK]

They believe in the power
of each other, and have the
will to overcome anything.[BRK]

You taught them that,
hiro.[BRK]

[POR01]
.....!?[BRK]

[POR22]
But if you forget to believe
in yourself, lucia truly
will be lost.[BRK]

And none of us want to see
that...[BRK]

[POR01]
But...miria...i...
...i...[BRK]

[POR22]
Shhh! I'm still not sure
this is the right thing
to do,[BRK]

because i was told not to
tell anyone is this,[BRK]

but i think you're just
what this person needs
right now.[BRK]

Go to the roof.[BRK]

Someone is waiting there...[BRK]

Go! Quickly now...see for
yourself...on the roof.

[END]

=== d | ea64 | 90 ===
[POR22]
Hiro, why do you hesitate?
Are you afraid of who might
be waiting for you?[BRK]

Why have you suddenly turned
afraid? Go to the roof and 
find out![END]

=== e | eb08 | 16d ===
[POR22]
Ghaleon...that name has been
stained in blood on this
place for centuries...[BRK]

Descendants of this city
lived in shame for years
because of his actions...[BRK]

But i always felt he must
have regretted his course
after it was too late.[BRK]

I sensed a very quiet
sadness in the things he
wrote before his death.[BRK]

To have all that power, and
yet...to be lonely beyond
words...
[END]

=== f | ec88 | ef ===
[POR22]
So, i was right! Ghaleon has
come back to try to right
the wrongs he committed.[BRK]

Hiro, now your task carries
even greater weight. Ghaleon
is counting on you, too.[BRK]

With lemina at your side, I
pray you can save our world
from annihilation.[END]

=== 10 | ed8a | 94 ===
[POR22]
In our world, the strongest
power is the power of belief
in the human spirit...[BRK]

You have proven that beyond
a shadow of a doubt.[BRK]

Well done, hiro![END]

=== 11 | ee2c | 4c ===
[POR08]
It's strange...that sounds
like something i heard a
very long time ago...[END]

=== 12 | ee8c | 6d ===
[POR22]
Well, hello there, hiro!
Long time no see, stranger![BRK]

Have you come to see lemina?
She's right over there.
[END]

=== 13 | ef08 | ad ===
[POR22]
You will reach lucia again,
but only if you resolve
never to accept defeat.[BRK]

Try hard, hiro. Love is
the only thing of true
worth in our world...[BRK]

[POR01]
I will never give up!![END]

=== 14 | efe0 | 179 ===
[POR17]
Gwha ha ha ha! Ah, but i've
changed...really, i have![BRK]

And i have a very urgent
reason to be here.[BRK]

Perhaps you should catch up
on things with your mother,
dear girl.[BRK]

You may not be able to see
her for a while. She's going
on a...vacation, yes...[BRK]

It is such a pity when
people leave with issues
unresolved...[BRK]

[POR07]
What are you talking about,
borgan? You haven't changed
a bit!

[END]

=== 15 | f170 | 287 ===
[POR17]
It's such a shame when
places of former glory fall
into neglect...[BRK]

...i'm afraid that's what's
happened to vane. The hand-
writing's on the walls..[BRK]

[POR07]
What? Vane is not destined
to disappear! I am working
to restore it![BRK]

[POR22]
Calm down, lemina. Listen to
what borgan has to say.[BRK]

You know, if you get past
the surface, he's very much
like you...[BRK]

[POR07]
Mother! How can you say such
a terrible thing?!! He's...
...he's......evil![BRK]

Why are you defending him?
He wants to kidnap you! Or
are you under his spell?[BRK]

[POR17]
Gha ha ha! I do not submit
my power for your approval,
dear girl.[BRK]

I am absolute sovereign of
my destiny now. I will do
as i wish. Behold...

[END]

=== 16 | f400 | 2d2 ===
[POR07]
Mother!!!![BRK]

[POR17]
Wasn't that delicious? And
all it took was a simple
wave of my rubenesque hands![BRK]

Poof! Mommy's gone! Gwa ha
ha ha ha![BRK]

[POR07]
Borgan! You oversized fecal
factory! What have you done
with my mother?!![BRK]

I demand that you return her
this minute![BRK]

[POR17]
Gwa ha ha ha! And i demand
that you think before you
speak, dear girl.[BRK]

Think of the power i hold.
I could crush you like a
twinkie.[BRK]

No, your mother will not be
coming back. She will rule
with me...in neo-vane![BRK]

And, oh...if you feel the
need to visit, please stop
by pentagulia....[BRK]

I have a summer cottage
there miria might enjoy.[BRK]

We'll be certain to roll out
the...dead carpet for you...
gwa ha ha ha ha...[BRK]

[POR07]
No! Borgan! I'm serious!
Come back here this instant!

[END]

=== 17 | f6dc | 137 ===
[POR07]
Oh, mother! I can't believe
i let you down![BRK]

....
.....[BRK]

With my magic power i'm not
qualified to be a bathroom
attendant...[BRK]

...let alone premier of the
magic guild of vane! Oh...[BRK]

What was i thinking?[BRK]

I can't even save the one
i love most! How can i hope
to restore a whole city?[BRK]

Oh, mother...i'm a failure!


[END]

=== 18 | f840 | 113 ===
[POR17]
The only real difference
between miria and i is in
magic power.[BRK]

But you ignorant fools have
lost all your magic power![BRK]

Do you know why you lost
your magic? Hmm?[BRK]

It is because lucia has
gained the power of althena
to fight zophar.[BRK]

All the world's power is at
her command.

[END]

=== 19 | f97a | 99 ===
[POR17]
Lucia has taken the power of
althena to aid in her fight
against zophar.[BRK]

Since althena's power is the
source of this world's
power, there's none left.[END]

=== 1a | fa32 | 80 ===
[POR17]
I once believed that magic
power was everything,[BRK]

but miria has reminded me of
something more...important.
Gha ha ha ha ha...
[END]

=== 1b | fac6 | 82 ===
[POR17]
I don't understand ghaleon's
plan in the least. He
doesn't stand a chance.[BRK]

If i still had magic power,
i could help you, but...[END]

=== 1c | fb5c | b1 ===
[POR17]
I'm pleasantly surprised at
your prowess in defeating
dark lord ghaleon.[BRK]

Maybe you do stand a chance
against zophar after all...[BRK]

Give it your best. I'm
counting on you now...[END]

=== 1d | fc20 | ba ===
[POR17]
Gha ha ha ha! The power of
my love for miria is strong.[BRK]

Now that this world is at
peace, perhaps she will see
me for what i am...[BRK]

A great big, huggable sugar
daddy who's sweet on her.[END]

=== 1e | fcee | 72 ===
[POR17]
Just having miria at my
side is sheer perfection.[BRK]

It doesn't get any better
than this, kiddies...[BRK]

Gwa ha ha ha![END]

=== 1f | fd78 | 176 ===
[POR17]
Ah, little lemina, going
on a trip, i see...why...
thank you![BRK]

[POR07]
....
.....huh?[BRK]

[POR17]
I just appreciate the fact
that you want to give me
and miria some 'alone time.'[BRK]

I can't tell you how much
this means to me...gha ha
ha ha![BRK]

[POR07]
....
.....[BRK]

Borgan, you are a foul-
minded pig! Call my trip
what you'd like...[BRK]

But i have no intention
of helping you win my
mother's affection!
[END]

=== 20 | ff0a | 1a5 ===
[POR17]
Don't worry, lemina...i'll
keep an eye on...things...
while you're gone.[BRK]

Gha ha ha ha ha![BRK]

[POR07]
Lay one hand on my mother
and i'll...i'll...[BRK]

[POR17]
You'll what? Call me daddy?
Gha ha ha ha ha![BRK]

[POR07]
Oouuugh! Borgan! You disgust
me! Your mind is as slimy as
your skin![BRK]

I'll be back, and you had
better not have laid a
finger on my mother...[BRK]

[POR17]
Such an excitable girl. A
finger is not what I
intended to lay...[BRK]

Gha ha ha ha ha...
[END]

=== 21 | 100be | 90 ===
Little lemina, why do you
waste your time with vane?[BRK]

It's a memory...a thing of
the past! Neo-vane is the
future.[BRK]

Come, take hold of it with
us![END]

=== 22 | 1015e | 70 ===
If only lemina would
swallow her pride, she
would see borgan's great![BRK]

A fun-loving guy that's
perfect for miria![END]

=== 23 | 101de | f2 ===
It...it smells like mold
or mildew in here...whoop![BRK]

Sorry, forgot. This is the
decaying vane...not my
shiny new vane...[BRK]

It always smells of the
decaying past in this god-
forsaken place...[BRK]

What i wouldn't give for
a bucket of lysol right now.[END]

=== 24 | 102e0 | 3c ===
Borgan, borgan, he's our
man! If he can't do it,
no one can![END]

=== 25 | 1032c | 77 ===
This city reeks of the
depressed memories of the
past.[BRK]

The vane we have built under
borgan is shiny, new, and
powerful![END]

=== 26 | 103b2 | bb ===
The fact that vane's magic
guild has no members should
give you the clue...[BRK]

Face it, sister! Vane is
a ghost town.[BRK]

But don't worry. We'll carry
the name forward in neo-
vane! Ha ha ha ha![END]

=== 27 | 10484 | 1f4 ===
[POR07]
Oh, hi, hiro! Welcome back
to the great city of vane![BRK]

Have you finally decided to
join the guild? Let's see,
where are those contracts...[BRK]

...oh, is lucia with you?
She probably wants to join,
too.[BRK]

...
....[BRK]

What?!! Lucia went back to
the blue star?!...alone?
That's...terrible![BRK]

Ah...i'm beginning to get
the picture...[BRK]

You came here to get me to
help you go after lucia!
I'm with you now...[BRK]

Let's see...that should only
run you about 10,000s,[BRK]

a special price for a
special friend...what do
you say?[END]

=== 28 | 1067c | 2e ===
[0x5]Hmmm, i'll think about it.
Whatever it takes![END]

=== 29 | 106ba | b4 ===
[POR07]
If you have to think about
it, you must not care for
her too much.[BRK]

I should think that 10,000s
would be so cheap you'd be
diving for the deal![BRK]

Does lucia know how cheap
you are?[END]

=== 2a | 10784 | 102 ===
[POR07]
It takes a lot of love to
go after someone regardless
of the odds...[BRK]

Oohhmmm...i hope i meet a
man just like you someday.[BRK]

Anyway, the price was just
to see how serious you were.[BRK]

Did you really think i would
charge a friend? C'mon! This
one's on the house![END]

=== 2b | 108ae | a0 ===
[POR07]
The help of the premier of
the vane magic guild won't
come cheap, of course.[BRK]

But since you're a special
friend, i'll give you a
discount. How about 10,000s?
[END]

=== 2c | 10958 | 104 ===
     Rapture in the wind    
             by
      veronica swinster [BRK]

His eyes met hers in a gaze
that meant only one thing...[BRK]

Instinctively, she moved her
full, red lips to meet his
confident mouth.[BRK]

She longed for his strong
caress on her rose of
womanhood...[END]

=== 2d | 10a62 | 7b ===
     Restoration of the
        magic guild[BRK]

...nash and mia set about
correcting the wrongs the
evil premier had committed.[END]

=== 2e | 10ae2 | 82 ===
    Secrets to successful    
         moneymaking[BRK]

Make books with titles that
desperate people looking for
easy answers will buy.[END]

=== 2f | 10b6a | 37 ===
   I want to beat you
           by
      ornce jameson[END]

=== 30 | 10bb0 | 79 ===
[POR07]
Hey! Get your dirty nose out
of my diary![BRK]

That's private, you know.
Those are my deepest and
most intimate thoughts...[END]

=== 31 | 10c3c | 16f ===
...oh, how i wish getting
vane off the ground was not
such a lonely task.[BRK]

I mean, i enjoy it, and i'm
making some good progress,[BRK]

but the job is just such a
lonely crusade at times. Mia
must have known this, too.[BRK]

Oh, althena, where's my
nash? You know, my studmuf-
fin, my mega-hunky helper?[BRK]

Ah, well...someday. Good-
bye for now, diary.
                   Lee lee



[END]

=== 32 | 10dc2 | 150 ===
The battle we are about to
fight frightens me greatly.
Zophar is indestructible...[BRK]

...at least, that's the way
it seems now that he has
the power of althena.[BRK]

But i'll give it my best,
because i believe in the
power of good.[BRK]

And i have good people to
fight alongside.[BRK]

Wish me luck, diary...i'll
be needing it.
                   Lee lee
[END]

=== 33 | 10f26 | 237 ===
Well, diary, the fight for
our world went better than
i had hoped.[BRK]

Zophar was all bark and no
bite, it seems.[BRK]

Well, maybe it just seemed
that way because the party
fought so bravely.[BRK]

Anyway...i'm glad that one's
behind me. Now all i have
to do is get rid of borgan![BRK]

That overgrown garbage dump
is still here oogling my
mother![BRK]

I'll get that vulgar magic-
using leech out of here if
it kills me![BRK]

I'll let you know how it
goes tomorrow.
                    Lee lee[BRK]

[POR02]
You know, i almost feel
sorry for borgan right about
now...[BRK]

What's wrong with me? I'm
turning...soft![END]

=== 34 | 11170 | 70 ===
[POR07]
Hiro! These treasures are
mine![BRK]

You can't just barge in here
and start taking things!
Where are your manners?[END]

=== 35 | 111f4 | 74 ===
[POR02]
Uh, hiro? You'd better not
open that.[BRK]

I think lemina will get a
bit upset if she finds out
you're in her stuff...[END]

=== 36 | 11288 | 56 ===
[POR07]
Hiro!? This isn't like you![BRK]

Why are you opening my stuff
without asking permission?[END]

=== 37 | 112f2 | 5e ===
[POR02]
I think it'd be a good idea
to ask lemina's permission
before you open this,[BRK]

...don't you?
[END]

=== 38 | 11362 | 10 ===
Vane magic guild[END]

=== 39 | 122e6 | d ===
[POR07]
....
.....[END]

=== 3a | 122fc | b1 ===
[POR05]
Say, uh, chief...i think 
you should have a few words
with lemina.[BRK]

I think she's kinda come to
look up to you as a sort of
mentor...[BRK]

It'd probably mean a lot...[BRK]

[POR01]
....
.....[END]

=== 3b | 123e0 | 132 ===
[POR02]
Hiro, are you thinking about
lucia again?[BRK]

[POR01]
....
.....[BRK]

[POR02]
Lucia used the last ounce
of her power to transport
the destiny and save us.[BRK]

But now she's enslaved to
that maniac zophar.[BRK]

Hiro, we've wasted three
days. We need to do some-
thing![BRK]

Go see miria. Maybe she has
some idea of where we can
start...
[END]

=== 3c | 12532 | 89 ===
[POR08]
Hiro...please find the words
to cheer poor lemina.[BRK]

Somehow, i do not have the
gift for inspiration you
possess.[BRK]

...it must be human...[END]

=== 3d | 125d6 | 36 ===
[POR08]
Lemina was only trying her
best...just as i was...
[END]

=== 3e | 12620 | 29d ===
[ROR08]
....
.....hiro...[BRK]

Much has happened since we
first met at the blue spire.
It...it seems like ages ago.[BRK]

You've shown me so much of
this wonderful land.[BRK]

The cool breezes that blow
in the afternoon. The warm
sands of the beach.[BRK]

...and most of all, the kind
people, whose spirit cannot
be broken in adversity.[BRK]

I want the blue star to be
all of these things and
more...someday.[BRK]

That...is my...my dream.[BRK]

....
.....[BRK]

I'm so glad that you were
the first person i met here.
Thank you, hiro.[BRK]

[ROR01]
....
.....[BRK]

Lucia, why not come back
with me to grandpa gwyn's
house?[BRK]

I'm sure that grandpa won't
mind. What do you say?[BRK]

[ROR08]
...all right, hiro.[BRK]

Everyone's waiting. We'd
better go...

[END]

=== 3f | 128e4 | 115 ===
[POR05]
Hiro, c'mon! Go over there
and give lemina one of your
pep-talks![BRK]

[POR02]
Ronfar, why are you always
so pushy?[BRK]

If you think she needs a pep
talk, why don't you run over
there and give it to her?[BRK]

[POR05]
Ruby, you know i'm not good
at that sort of thing. I'm
a gambler, for god's sake![END]

=== 40 | 12a14 | 89 ===
[POR05]
I'd only get the words all
screwed up and she'd be more
depressed than ever.[BRK]

Nope, when it comes to pick-
me-up talks, hiro's the man![END]

=== 41 | 12ab4 | 100 ===
[POR10]
I thought that lemina was a
selfish person...always
thinking about money.[BRK]

But she was just trying
to get enough to restore
the magic guild.[BRK]

She's been working so hard
collecting money...everyone
just thought she was greedy.[BRK]

It must have been so lonely.
[END]

=== 42 | 12bd0 | 66 ===
[POR10]
Hiro, i think we all had
the wrong idea about lemina.[BRK]

She really is more selfless
than we all knew.[END]

=== 43 | 12c4e | 188 ===
[ROR07]
W...what? Have you come to
taunt me for being weak?[BRK]

Sure...g...go ahead and
laugh...i'm certain it's
a thousand...y-yucks![BRK]

Ha! Lemina's reviving the
magic g-guild, but she's
the only member.[BRK]

I-i-i'm just a b-big joke!
I didn't even have the power
to save my mother! And...[BRK]

I can't even raise enough
money to fix the leaky roof
on the magic guild![BRK]

Oh, hiro! I'm just a big
joke! Admit it!

[END]

=== 44 | 12dda | 2c ===
[0x5]Uh, want a donation?
No, vane is wonderful![END]

=== 45 | 12e16 | 51 ===
[ROR07]
What is this? Pity money?[BRK]

You just feel sorry for me
now. I never wanted that.[END]

=== 46 | 12e7c | 41 ===
[ROR07]
...but i'll take your money
in good f-faith. Thank
you, hiro.
[END]

=== 47 | 12ed0 | 49 ===
[ROR07]
Oh, hiro...just leave me
alone. I have to figure
this out for myself.
[END]

=== 48 | 12f2e | 1b1 ===
[ROR01]
Lemina, vane is a wonderful
town, with a rich history
of wonderful leaders.[BRK]

I think that you will be the
next great leader of vane.
I believe in your dream.[BRK]

[ROR07]
....
.....[BRK]

[ROR01]
Someday you will restore
this town to its past glory.[BRK]

Someday the vane magic guild
will once again be the
center of this world.[BRK]

And someday, everyone will
know the vision you had that
made it all possible.[BRK]

[ROR07]
....
.....[BRK]

Thanks, hiro. I needed to
hear that.[END]

=== 49 | 130e8 | 268 ===
[ROR05]
Hey there, lemina. It's no
shame if you're the only
member of the guild![BRK]

Hell, if you're the only
gambler, it's a sure bet
all you'll do is win![BRK]

So, the way i look at it,
you can't lose.[BRK]

[ROR10]
And i'll join as a member
of the guild...that is, if
you'll have me.[BRK]

I'll support your dream any
way i can.[BRK]

[ROR08]
I don't know much about the
people of this world,[BRK]

but i do know that you are
doing the right thing,
lemina.[BRK]

Follow your dream always,
and your regrets will be
few.[BRK]

[ROR07]
....
.....[BRK]

I...i feel so bad. My only
thought was how to get you
to join the guild.[BRK]

But you...you were all
concerned about me...me...
personally![END]

=== 4a | 13372 | 110 ===
[ROR07]
I...i'm okay now. Let's
get moving.[BRK]

We've got to go see borgan
in pentagulia to save my
mother![BRK]

That lard-butt is going to
pay dearly for putting me
through this![BRK]

[ROR02]
Does she really think we
bought the 'dirt in her
eye' routine?[BRK]

Why can't she just admit
she was crying?[END]

=== 4b | 1349e | db ===
[ROR07]
Mother...oh, mother! If I
didn't have the magic power
to save you,[BRK]

how can i hope to restore
the once-great city of
vane?[BRK]

No...i will rescue you,
mother. And i will restore
vane.[BRK]

And i won't rest until it's
done...

[END]

=== 4c | 13596 | 1bb ===
[ROR09]
I know that i am not fit
to fight with you.[BRK]

But now that zophar has
gained althena's power,
i cannot sit and watch.[BRK]

I feel that i am responsible
in part for this. After all,
i served in althena's guard.[BRK]

In fact, i was serving the
lord of evil himself,
zophar.[BRK]

Hiro, when we fought, white
knight leo of althena's
guard died.[BRK]

Please let me fight at your
side as a fellow crusader
for justice![BRK]

The destiny awaits...please
consider my request.
[END]

=== 4d | 13754 | 86 ===
[ROR02]
Leo, come! Fight with us.[BRK]

If we all gather together,
zophar won't stand a chance
of winning![BRK]

[ROR01]
....
.....[BRK]

[ROR02]
Hiro!?![BRK]

[ROR01]
....
.....[END]

=== 4e | 137f6 | 220 ===
[POR14]
You know, if you die without
crying,[BRK]

i just might be persuaded
to tell lucia you died
bravely.[BRK]

She calls your name in her
sleep, you know...[BRK]

[POR01]
Lucia...[BRK]

...calls for me?[BRK]

[POR14]
Yes...[BRK]

...pathetic, isn't it?[BRK]

The poor girl has no taste
at all, it seems...[BRK]

But no matter. You'll soon
be out of the picture...
forever.[BRK]

But first, i'll let you
watch as i kill every
citizen of vane.[BRK]

There's really no pleasure
in doing it if you're all,
well...dead.[BRK]

Watch in horror as i give
you a preview of the show
zophar has planned![BRK]

See you soon...ha ha ha!



[END]

=== 4f | 13a1a | a7 ===
[POR02]
Oh no, hiro![BRK]

We're in deep guacamole!
Ghaleon didn't sound like
he was bluffing![BRK]

[POR01]
He won't get away with this![BRK]

C'mon, ruby. We're going to
stop him or die trying![END]

=== 50 | 13aca | f ===
Vane guild roof[END]

